[Music]
I'm sure an idea I'm sure probably other
people have done this I'm not sure I
just know I came up with it because he
could be we were having conversations
and she was talking about wanting to
purchase like black lipstick and it just
dawned on me I have a whole bunch of
cream black eyeliner products that I
don't use so yeah so I came up this idea
and I wanted to make a video on it
really quickly so have to say I just
bought this product and it's by Pacifica
and I have to say that I am in love with
this lip balm I've been wearing it like
every day and doing it using it in
between um playing around with Coast
watches and I gotta get this up right it
feels really good
I have purchased this I know we off by
jacking but I purchased the Baby Lips
and I have to say I this baby listen
it's alright it's alright
my thanks bad but it doesn't give you
this feeling your lips ends up feeling
so soft it doesn't feel dry after 30
minutes or whatever it just feels suebdo
without even notice my lips anymore like
it's just that tube it has a little
tingling sensation and everything anyway
moving on so fight is on first and so
that's it is snow
freaking good oh my goodness it smells
so good all right so put that on and
then maybe make sure you find it did our
liner that does dry and stay in place
because that's kind of tricky finding
ones to do that's why I haven't used
some of those products and I stopped
using because they don't drive safely
okay and then go ahead and get like an
angled brush or a lip brush whatever you
prefer to use maybe both
let me use my brush from this Sonia
Catholic Khalid came with it okay so
these are my two brushes I'm going to be
using okay and I'm gonna be using elf
for this example just itself eyeliner
okay
and I'm just tapping it in nothing
special
and I'm going to start by lining my lips
all right and it looks that simple and
then guess what it's black lipstick just
for those who want to try something
different and don't want to go out and
purchase it and you have it right here
on hand makeup makeup okay
I'm thinking and that's all that comes
up this the first thing about you I want
it it doesn't come off feel this it
dries and stays in place oh my gosh it
was like the best thing ever
I'm at the final more colored eyeliner
just a part of my look so it doesn't go
anywhere
talk about lasting long effect okay
that's it bye
[Music]